c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\Content\floor.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\Content\hound.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\Content\player.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\Content\wall.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\Content\white.png
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\ExampleGame.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\ExampleGame.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\RogueSharp.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\RogueSharp.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\bin\Windows\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\obj\x86\Release\ExampleGame.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\obj\x86\Release\ExampleGame.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ExampleGame\ExampleGame\obj\x86\Release\ExampleGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
